Hey, Mr. Qian
I'll give you 3,000 taels.
You promised to take us out of the palace
Don't worry, Sanjia is the most trustworthy.
Let's go
Father-in-law is not good
The emperor ordered the palace gate to be blocked. What?
How could this be? You still don't know?
The emperor drank a soda from a little eunuch at the Lixia Palace
Longan was furious
Jedi Three Foot also needs to find the culprit
It's all right now.
The emperor wants to seal the palace
Flies can't fly
to die
I was going to play a trick on Qin Guiren
He ended up shooting himself in the foot
They can't get out.
Since you can't get out
Give me my money back
The silver has long been filled
You can't get it back.
Here you go.
Please give me back my 3,000 taels
That's what I've been saving for so long
Why are you chasing me?
Are you bored?
You lied to me.